---
title: "About"
date: 2023-03-25T17:56:57+01:00
draft: false
---

Welcome to my blog!

My name is Maximiliano Greco, and I'm an Argentinean who moved to Italy at the
age of 15, and then to Spain. Although I struggled with my studies in Spain, I
managed to overcome the challenges of high school and university. I studied
economics at the University of Zaragoza, mainly because I wanted to understand
better what was happening during the 2008 financial crisis.

Despite being discouraged by everyone around me, I have always had an interest
in programming, so I decided to study it on my own. I started with Python as a
language and completed all the programming exercises in my economics courses,
such as econometrics, microeconomics, and statistics. My favorite subject in
college was Public Economics because it had a strong practical component and
plenty of data available. As my final project, I analyzed income inequality
using Python with the IRPF tax.

I love electronics, so much so that I'm an enthusiast in building mechanical
keyboards such as Corne, Lily58, and Dactyl Manuform. I'm always eager to learn
new things, and I enjoy running, practicing yoga, meditating, and dedicating
time to reading. My latest read was "The Pragmatic Programmer," and I love its
philosophy.

This blog is an effort to share my experiences and learnings, and if it can
help anyone else, that's fantastic. My favorite text editor is Vim (I'm a
fanboy), and I have a bit of an obsession with efficiency, which I have managed
to keep under control over the years. I use Cherry Brown switches on my
keyboards.

Expect to find content in both Spanish and English, and don't hesitate to reach
out if you have any questions or comments.

Stay tuned, and happy programming!

--Max, your friendly neighborhood programmer.
